Since I finally got my shit together and put everything on Github, I figured I
should make a TODO list that all of us will have access to. This way we will
all be on the same page about what needs to get done.

1) Join-VTK for dye
   Got the dye initial conditions as well as z=0 plane outputs set up to track
   mixing in the sims. It runs on stampede with multiple processors and,
   however when I join the vtk files only half of the domain is joined, the
   other half is set to 0! In some cases it even combines the dye from
   different shells.

2) Make the Code Restartable
   In the process of adding the in situ radial profile calculations the code no
   longer worked with restarts; it gave a segfault. My best guess is that I
   didn't re-calloc the arrays in the read-restart function. Since I have since
   added dye to the sims and they will no doubt require me to add something to
   the read restart, I should probably wait until 1) is resolved and then deal
   with all of this restart business together.

3) Splashback
   NFW doesn't really work past the virial radius (We were fortunate enought to
   discuss this in person with Benedikt Diemer). The biggest challenge is that
   we are using accretion rates from Mcbride et al (Millenium) calibrated for
   Mvir, but all of this business about the outer profiles of halos is most
   naturally though about in terms of the splashback radius. At this stage the
   best thing to do would probably be to read a ton of Ben's papers.
   
4) Noisy B-Field
   Concentric loops that we currently have implemented are not realistic. Fix
   shouldn't be too hard though. I believe Mike already has a noisy field
   implemented for the velocity. Simply take the curl of that to ensure that it
   solves Maxwell's equations.
   Update: did a lot of copying and pasting code form Jim Stone's turb.c to get
   noise in the magnetic field. The only thing left (I believe) is to call the
   various functions in the right order in the problem function in order to
   actually perturb the field. Should be really quick but the day is winding
   down and I have something to go to so I'm gonna push this off. Sorry!

Last updated June 29th 2017
